I told you the following
made a hole
I came here
his size
eight centimeters ok
and here I did the following one plate
with aluminum coming loose on
to which it releases an aluminum plate and
an inside reinforcement out here
other reinforcement than the screw where
I learned this shine plate upon
exalted
I learned here and here.
the engine that engine
I went on an aluminum plate
in loup along with the antenna path
I learned that I drilled with a drill
and it holds you know if you can see
in with screws and a plate - s
and here I made a sales tip where
will get in the pipe here and try to show
for you underneath as funk I can
demonstrate everything I think I do not know if it is
giving you to see who we are going now
I get that I put the grid
I come here in a row
just did not reflect
to set big here
Ok, it turned on
we have reduced this function but
one as well as one works
the movement is this
the tour
only you have the help team
for power
to conclude
come and go only
understood that's it